c:\users\nozom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\bin\Debug\Persons.exe.config
c:\users\nozom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\bin\Debug\Persons.exe
c:\users\nozom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\bin\Debug\Persons.pdb
c:\users\nozom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nozom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.Form1.resources
c:\users\nozom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nozom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nozom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.exe
c:\users\nozom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.pdb
c:\users\nozom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.login.resources
c:\users\nozom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.afradmain.resources
c:\users\nozom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.admin.resources
C:\Users\NOZOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.officers.resources
C:\Users\NOZOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.eafaa.resources
C:\Users\NOZOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.mens.resources
C:\Users\NOZOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.soliders.resources
C:\Users\NOZOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.girls.resources
C:\Users\NOZOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.retired.resources
C:\Users\NOZOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.joined.resources
C:\Users\NOZOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.myjoin.resources
C:\Users\NOZOM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Persons\Persons\obj\Debug\Persons.transport.resources
